Add 'templates.tmpl' file and update filesystem example README (#9)
crossplane-contrib/function-go-templating: example/filesystem/README.md

# The `FileSystem` source

You can't run the example in this directory using `crossplane beta render`
because it loads templates from a ConfigMap.

> You can create a config map with the templates using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a ConfigMap with the templates using the following command:
```

```shell
kubectl create configmap templates --from-file=templates.tmpl -n crossplane-system
```

> This config map will be mounted to the function pod and the templates will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ConfigMap will be mounted to the function pod and the templates will be
```
